CSC 155 - LAB 10 OPEN-ENDED INTEGRATION PROJECT

Student: Marcos Gilbert
Project title: Game Library

1. Problem and intended user
What problem does the program solve, and who would use it?
This is a simple program that organizes games that people have played and want to keep organized.


2. Data model
Name the primary class, its private data members, validation rules, constructors,
and public behaviors.
Primary class: Game

Private data members:
- string title
- string genre
- int hoursPlayed
- int rating

Validation:
- title cannot be empty
- genre cannot be empty
- hoursPlayed cannot be negative
- rating must be between 1 and 10

Constructors:
- default constructor
- parameterized constructor

Public behaviors:
- setters
- getters
- toString()


3. Collection
Explain where the program uses an array or vector of objects and why that
collection is appropriate.
The program uses a array called games declared in 'Game.g'. Every game object is from the class Games.

4. Functions
List at least two standalone function signatures and the single responsibility
of each function.
void displayGames(const vector<Game>& games);
Responsibility: Displays every Game object currently stored.

void loadGames(const string& fileName, vector<Game>& games);
Responsibility: Reads game records sequentially from a text file,
validates them, and adds valid Game objects to the vector.

void searchGames(const vector<Game>& games, string keyword);
Responsibility: Searches game titles using a case-insensitive keyword.

void saveGames(const string& fileName, const vector<Game>& games);
Responsibility: Writes the current game collection sequentially
to a text file.


5. File input/output
Describe the sequential text-file format, including one valid and one invalid row.
Format:
title|genre|hoursPlayed|rating

Basically the user can't use negative hours for hours played.

Valid row:
Minecraft|Sandbox|250|10

Invalid row:
Bad Game|Action|-12|8


6. Exception plan
Name at least one failure condition that will throw an exception and where it is
caught. Explain the message shown to the user.
If the user tries to do an incorrect cin when creating a new game object using the setters, the setter will throw a error to 
a catch sitting outside the function.


7. Test plan
List at least five tests: normal input, boundary input, invalid input, empty data,
and one project-specific edge case.

Test 1 — Normal input
Input:
Hades|Action|45|9

Expected:
Game loads and displays successfully.

Test 2 — Boundary input
Input:
New Game|RPG|0|1

Expected:
Game is accepted because 0 hours and rating 1 are valid boundaries.

Test 3 — Invalid input
Input:
Broken Game|Action|-10|7

Expected:
Exception is thrown, record is skipped, and an explanation is shown.

Test 4 — Empty data
Input:
An empty vector

Expected:
Display and statistics functions report that no games are available
without crashing.

Test 5 — Project-specific edge case
Search keyword:
MINE

Existing title:
Minecraft

Expected:
Minecraft is found because searching is case-insensitive.


8. AI learning evidence
Which Unit 7 AI Transcript exchange influenced a design or testing decision? What
did you verify or reject before using the idea?
The ai discussion that helped me the most was about the try and catch blocks since I was still struggling in understanding
how the exceptions getting caught interact with the thrown functions. 

Before using the design, I verified that the program skips an invalid
record and continues loading later valid records.